Package TextCollector«s ItemZŽCar WindupRobot MŽcaniqueInstructions and MaintenanceHow to Wind Up ZŽCar:Hold it with one hand and turn the brass weight clock wise until it get stocked (do not force it)Keep holding the brass weight to avoid it to unwind.Put it carefully on the floor or on a surface with or without small obstacles.Release the brass weight and the toy and enjoy its performance.Repeat the steps once the toy stops performing.Every once in a while, a bit of oil spray lubricant will keep the engine in top shape.Blog: www.kritteria.comwww.kikkerland.compatent pendingkikkerland design INC. 423-427 Wst 12TH ST. New York, NY 10027 USA 




Sticker TextZŽCarHelps the RIO de Janeiro Reforestation





Manual Text How to Plant a Tree1. Dig a hole at least twice the width of the root so it can grow. Take the tree container that is, carefully cut the roots broken and slowly remove the plant from the bag or vessel. 2. Place the tree in the planting hole. Always lift the tree by the root ball and never by the trunk. Spread the tips of the root out. Avoid planting the tree too deep. Make sure the soil line of the young tree is higher than the surface of the surrounding hole. 3. Throw some ground in the planting hole. Check the depth and adjust if necessary. Confirm that the plant is straight. Fill the hole gently but firmly. Pat the soil around the base of the root. 4. It is not recommended to apply fertilizer at planting time. Ague the new plant thoroughly with a watering can is not strong enough to settle the soil. Do not shake the tree. The faster it can stand alone, the faster it will become strong. 5. Provide follow up care. Protect the tree from pests and diseases by removing nearby plants that might affect it. Remove weeds as they compete with tree roots for moisture and nutrients. Protect the tree from destruction by animals. 6. If possible, plant the trees so they do not compete with moisture and nutrients from the soil and the growth of branches is encouraged. Beware of drought and provide water if necessary, especially during the first month. Watch out for yellowing of leaves. Always maintain good air circulation by cutting branches to grow better and to prevent pests and diseases. 